Translation corrections (#122)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/some_010.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fda762>千紗登</color>", NULL, "<color=#fda762>Chisato</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s04/37/310300652", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…いやいや、まいったねこりゃ。",
			NULL, "\"...Hoo boy, isn't this a pickle.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s04/37/310300653", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "私たちが夏美の一番の理解者のつもりだったのに、暁においしいとこ持って行かれるとはね～。",
			NULL, " Even though we tried to be the ones who understood Natsumi best, Akira's the one who really stole the show here~.", Line_WaitForInput);

	ModDrawCharacter(3, 37, "sprite/chisa1_warai_", "1", 160, 0, 0, FALSE, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 20, 200, TRUE );

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 37, "ps3/s04/37/310300654", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "ちーちゃん一生の不覚だよ、たはは～！」",

> 			NULL, " This is the biggest defeat of my life, tahaha!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " This is the biggest defeat of Chii-chan's life, tahaha!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#6f6599>珠子</color>", NULL, "<color=#6f6599>Tamako</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s04/38/310400241", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「そうだね。",
			NULL, "\"You're right.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s04/38/310400242", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "そうだよね、私たちがしっかりしなきゃ！",
			NULL, " That's right, we have to pull ourselves together!", Line_WaitForInput);

	ModDrawCharacter(4, 38, "sprite/tama1_warai_", "0", -160, 0, 0, FALSE, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 19, 200, TRUE );

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 38, "ps3/s04/38/310400243", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　一番辛いのはあの子なんだからさ」",
			NULL, " After all, Natsumi's the one suffering the most.\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r珠子もそう言ってぱん！と手を打ちながら、気が晴れたように吐息をつく。そして暁に向き直ると、ちょっと意地悪げに首を傾げて覗き込んだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "珠子もそう言ってぱん！と手を打ちながら、気が晴れたように吐息をつく。そして暁に向き直ると、ちょっと意地悪げに首を傾げて覗き込んだ。",

> 			NULL, "Tamako said that, clapped her hands, and gave a refreshed smile. She turned back to Akira, looking at him with a hint of mischief.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Tamako said that, clapped her hands, and gave a refreshing smile. She turned back to Akira, looking at him with a hint of mischief.", Line_Normal);
```
